DOC-4187 Add cluster-health.md (#743)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0-alpha/deploying/troubleshooting/cluster-health.md

If so, increase the number of nodes allocated to the cluster, or the size of the instances for each node.

If one of the pods restarts, use `kubectl describe` to determine why the pod restarted.
It may be that the pod does not have sufficient resources and was terminated by Kubernetes due to an out of memory condition.
If this is the case, increase the requested resources in the deployment configuration YAML file and them upgrade the Helm install.
For example:

```shell
helm upgrade corda --namespace corda -f updated-values.yaml
```

If a pod is being terminated because the liveness probe has failed, or does not restart but fails to reach `Running` state, then further investigation is required.
The logs for a pod may help determine the cause of the failure.
Retrieve the logs using `kubectl logs`.
For example:

```shell
kubectl logs corda-db-worker-f9994f756-tqtx7
```

If a pod has restarted, it may be worth looking at the logs from the terminated instance using the `--previous` option.
For example:

```shell
kubectl logs --previous corda-db-worker-f9994f756-tqtx7
```

The type of the failing work may also give a clue to the root cause.

> For example, all of the workers connect to Kafka but only the DB and Crypto workers connect to PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, all of the workers connect to Kafka but only the database and Crypto workers connect to PostgreSQL.
```

Failures in the pods for these two workers may therefore indicate an issue with PostgreSQL.

## Post-install Job

> Once all of the workers are ready, the Helm install will execute a post-install job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once all of the workers are ready, the Helm install executes a post-install job.
```
